README.md, before:

# Go

|                            Course Name                             |   Instructor   |                                Course Link                                 |
| :----------------------------------------------------------------: | :------------: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
|        Udemy - Go: The Complete Developer's Guide (Golang)         | Stephen Grider |   [Link](https://www.udemy.com/course/go-the-complete-developers-guide)    |
|       YouTube - Structuring Go (Golang) Applications (APIs)        |  Akshay Gupta  | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVqFi5qrJwA&ab_channel=AkshayGupta) |
| YouTube - How to build and structure a JSON API project in Golang? |   Anthony GG   |  [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJfE9kD_i7Q&ab_channel=AnthonyGG)  |
|   YouTube - Everything You Need To Know About Pointers In Golang   |   Anthony GG   |  [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqH21m0MsWk&ab_channel=AnthonyGG)  |

# Web Development

|                             Course Name                              |  Instructor   |                              Course Link                               |
| :------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| Udemy - Web Development w/ Google's Go (golang) Programming Language |  Todd McLeod  |     [Link](https://www.udemy.com/course/go-programming-language/)      |
|    Udemy - Building Web Applications with Go - Intermediate Level    | Trevor Sawler | [Link](https://www.udemy.com/course/vue-with-test-driven-development/) |
|              Udemy - Working with Vue 3 and Go (Golang)              | Trevor Sawler |    [Link](https://www.udemy.com/course/working-with-vue-3-and-go/)     |

## Web Sockets

|                              Course Name                              |  Instructor   |                             Course Link                             |
| :-------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----------: | :-----------------------------------------------------------------: |
|            Udemy - Working with WebSockets in Go (Golang)             | Trevor Sawler | [Link](https://www.udemy.com/course/working-with-websockets-in-go/) |
| YouTube - How to build a Chat and Data Feed with WebSockets in Golang |  Anthony GG   |         [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JuUAEYLkGbM)         |

## Go Modules

|               Course Name                |  Instructor   |                             Course Link                              |
| :--------------------------------------: | :-----------: | :------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| Udemy - Building a module in Go (Golang) | Trevor Sawler | [Link](https://www.udemy.com/course/building-a-module-in-go-golang/) |

Commit message:

Added golang unit testing notes

README.md, after:

# Go

|                            Course Name                             |   Instructor   |                                Course Link                                 |
| :----------------------------------------------------------------: | :------------: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
|        Udemy - Go: The Complete Developer's Guide (Golang)         | Stephen Grider |   [Link](https://www.udemy.com/course/go-the-complete-developers-guide)    |
|       YouTube - Structuring Go (Golang) Applications (APIs)        |  Akshay Gupta  | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVqFi5qrJwA&ab_channel=AkshayGupta) |
| YouTube - How to build and structure a JSON API project in Golang? |   Anthony GG   |  [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJfE9kD_i7Q&ab_channel=AnthonyGG)  |
|   YouTube - Everything You Need To Know About Pointers In Golang   |   Anthony GG   |  [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqH21m0MsWk&ab_channel=AnthonyGG)  |

# Web Development

|                             Course Name                              |  Instructor   |                              Course Link                               |
| :------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| Udemy - Web Development w/ Google's Go (golang) Programming Language |  Todd McLeod  |     [Link](https://www.udemy.com/course/go-programming-language/)      |
|    Udemy - Building Web Applications with Go - Intermediate Level    | Trevor Sawler | [Link](https://www.udemy.com/course/vue-with-test-driven-development/) |
|              Udemy - Working with Vue 3 and Go (Golang)              | Trevor Sawler |    [Link](https://www.udemy.com/course/working-with-vue-3-and-go/)     |

# Unit Testing

|                  Course Name                   |  Instructor   |                                      Course Link                                       |
| :--------------------------------------------: | :-----------: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| Udemy - Introduction to Testing in Go (Golang) | Trevor Sawler |       [Link](https://www.udemy.com/course/introduction-to-testing-in-go-golang/)       |
|      YouTube - Unit Testing with Testify       |    YouTube    | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uB_45bSIyik&t=877s&ab_channel=PragmaticReviews) |

# Web Sockets

|                              Course Name                              |  Instructor   |                             Course Link                             |
| :-------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----------: | :-----------------------------------------------------------------: |
|            Udemy - Working with WebSockets in Go (Golang)             | Trevor Sawler | [Link](https://www.udemy.com/course/working-with-websockets-in-go/) |
| YouTube - How to build a Chat and Data Feed with WebSockets in Golang |  Anthony GG   |         [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JuUAEYLkGbM)         |

# Go Modules

|               Course Name                |  Instructor   |                             Course Link                              |
| :--------------------------------------: | :-----------: | :------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| Udemy - Building a module in Go (Golang) | Trevor Sawler | [Link](https://www.udemy.com/course/building-a-module-in-go-golang/) |
